to the music of sen sans
Japanese skater will ride
once the bronze medalist of the championship
countries of the rising sun
then this place
on the pedestal lost
he left
restaurant and
from Japan
I'm surprised that
with such a leisurely as they
melikyan language rnn and
the name of saint john is quite a bit
late for the final chord
injured
do we need
I think yes
will do
need to say
we are still in the performance of the goal
in twitter networks crash site cried out
so he during
opened up
because the growth of attribution
with interest look at the site in this
case
if in the famous information
spaces
exclusively Yushchenko
woods is then present too
but honest word to all such thoughts
don't even know
what it will be slowly now
slow motion
clearly
a little bit different
Chirkunov will be seen
I think not conducted
in Belarus
it's not the only one
water marks
chelsea mu
good such position was doubled
vrubel d
and everything seems to be right
16 heat
This is enough
film
in the women's single skating myself too
It was
a couple can see figure skaters Anatolia
Makarenko
it did not stop to score very much
decent places
after the concert uah
from mid July
if the parties do not show
investment activity
if clean
neat skating
it turns out not bad grades
ahead of the performance by christopher
björnson